Export nlu as json from interactive (#4696)
RasaHQ/rasa: CHANGELOG.rst

Fixed
-----

> - Fixed exporting NLU training data as ``json`` from ``rasa interactive``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed exporting NLU training data in ``json`` format from ``rasa interactive``
```
